# Research Sync 2025-10-09

**Attendees:** Caroline Cahill, In Keun Kim, Song Li

**Date:** 2025-10-09 

---

## 1. Summary
**Current Status:** 🟢 On Track / 🟡 Minor Obstacles / 🔴 Blocked  

🟢 *Documentation is on the track. We understood the internal logics better.*

🟡 *Confused about how the PoCs are executed and verified.*

🔴 *Hard to reproduce Enigma due to the SWEBench Setup Issues.*

---

## 2. Key Accomplishments This Week
- Deployed a useful online document 
- Implementation/Installation documentation
- Began experimentation on Cybench

---

## 3. Individual Updates

### [Caroline Cahill]  
**Progress**  
- Completed theory and methods documentation
- Understanding CyberGym's codebase
- Gained access to lab's servers
- Installed CyberGym repository in Kubrick server

**Plans for Next Week**
- Finalize CyberGym setup in Kubrick server
- Successfully reproduce ENiGMA results

**Blockers / Needs**  
- Docker build command is not runnning
    - Error: disk quota exceeded

---


### [In Keun Kim]
**Progress**  
- Completed CyberGym Architecture and API documentation.
- Identified the bugs in CyberGym local setup procedure. (env specific)
- Created helper scripts for CyberGym local setup.
- Started setup on Cybench in Hitchcock server.

**Plans for Next Week**  
- Confirm the Cybench setup on Hitchcock server, and reproduce Cybench experiments.
- Continue to other agents.
- Analyze each agent's code structure in CyberGym-example repository.

**Blockers / Needs**  
- Docker build command on Hitchcock fails - identical issue with Caroline.


---

### [Song Li]  
**Progress**  
- Wrote the documentation for installation and quick start.
- Finished the Cybench experiment reproduction.

**Plans for Next Week**  
- Enigma experiment reproduction. 

**Blockers / Needs**  
- Hard to reproduce Enigma due to the SWEBench Setup Issues. Need to discuss with SWEBench group in the lab.

---

## 4. Blockers / Challenges
- Hard to reproduce Enigma due to the SWEBench Setup Issues.

---

## 5. Goals for Next Week
- **Primary Goal:** Deliver benchmarks on the online document. 
- **Secondary Goal:** Report the findings of CyberGym.

---

## 6. Discussion Points
- [Topic 1: e.g., Brainstorming ideas for a new visualization for Figure 2.]  
- [Topic 2: e.g., Discussing the surprising results from Experiment A.]   

---

## 7. Action Items
- [ ] [Action Item] — **Owner:** [Name], **Due:** YYYY-MM-DD  
  *Example: Request GPU cluster access for the team — Owner: Advisor, Due: 2025-10-06*  

- [ ] [Action Item] — **Owner:** [Name], **Due:** YYYY-MM-DD  
  *Example: Pair-program to debug the data loading script — Owner: Student 2 & Student 1, Due: 2025-10-07*  

---